# Concept tagging module for movie domain 
First project for the 2018/2019 Language Understanding Systems course @ UniTn 

## Requirements 
In order to properly execute the program, you must have installed the python libraries in the `requirements.txt` file in the root of the repository. 

## Concept tagging module for movie domain 
The concept tagging module is implemented in the version: baseline, first improvement and second improvement. All the three version can be executed using the `./concept_tagging.py` script with the following command: 

`python concept_tagging.py <method> <order> --improvement <improvement>  --tags_set <tags_set>`

where the method is the smoothing method and the order is the order for the ngram count to be used in the training. These two parameters are mandatory. The improvement parameter specifies which version of the module execute and can assume the values 0 (baseline), 1 (first improvement) or 2 (second improvement). The default value is 2. The parameter tags_set is used to specify which dataset to use when we are executing the second improvement. It can assume the values all, pers, pers_org, pers_lang, pers_ev, pers_art, pers_art_gpe or pers_art_gpe_norp. The default value is all. 

With the command `python concept_tagging.py -h` we can see the help message. 

The output of the script is saved in the `./Intermediate` folder and can be used for the final evaluation. The output files follow the syntax: `final_<method>_<order>_<improvement>_<tags_set>.txt` where the <tags_set> is present only for the files generated by the second improvement. 

### Dataset 
All the dataset used can be found in the `./Datasets` folder. The `./training_set_generation.py` script can be used to generate a new dataset, that can be used in the second improvement version, using an entity set. The script is executing with following command: 

`python training_set_generation.py <tags_set>`

where the tags set assumes the following values: all, pers, pers_org, pers_lang, pers_ev, pers_art, pers_art_gpe or pers_art_gpe_norp. 

With the command `python training_set_generation.py -h` we can see the help message. 

### Evaluation 
For the evaluation part, the `./conlleval.pl script` can be used as follow:  

`perl conlleval.pl < ./Intermediate/<file_name>.txtT > ./Results/<final_result>.txt`

### Report 
In the `./Report folder`, the project report can be found. 

 
